stopped at 1 series on the recreation area
have dinner here such a place here
here he is my baby
pushing now towards kentaki on
unloading
here
Hello to all my friends
I wanted to pay you to do with you
talk a little bit to tell
coming off the channel and what is
right now guys I'm on a flight
for a week now everyone is asking what is there
video is not friends you understand when I
I can't see the flight
like me, and so that's not enough time
work still need to be mounted if such
it's just unrealistic so the video will be
on the channel as soon as i get home
so many ask about
orange tractor
guys have patience please don't
asking this question a hundred times no longer
I know how many hundreds of times he was asked how
Only something appear with an orange
truck you are the first to see it
so
wait wait as soon as I shoot
video about orange through I
surely you lay out and trust me i
I will not go on it
so that they do not know about it so please
no more question
just wait for the video to be like
so will the guys of what you ask
acceleration will not be video because i'm
the road is now here decided on
phone make you a short video
just say hello to your subscribers
say that I did not go anywhere art and work
I'll be home somewhere monday today
it's thursday
monday so what is tuesday wednesday
where the video will appear
expect
about the orange truck
that faked very few guys very few
assembled the door there at least that bribed
there is very little that was done because
that there is no time there is no time much
busy
terribly busy working home I come
housework that's why now is not up to
orange truck
I need to make money now I cook
through try to prepare through 24
September 25th will be jopley not missouri
through the show all the information is
VKontakte everyone we want to collect
there is such a Russian community before the Russians
Russian truckers all who wish
will pass next can be on this
through the show because but for all
absolutely here and i try to get there
but it is not absolutely that I will be there
rows I will be on this through a hundred
percent if before the sound will be normal
But I wo n’t guarantee that I’m
I'll be my orange truck
so let's see in general such here
update guys asked a lot
questions about orange truck friends
so here are the answers and more
taking advantage of the moment wanted to answer
question about the frame very often
is set continues to give itself the same
question about the frame why the long frame
no need just this is the style i am so
I want to make a long frame a little
softer will be about like a bus
between
Miss a lot between the town or whatever
buses and long have soft frame
soft on soft goes because long
base this is just done for style
as you see this truck is completely made
custom therefore it is made pure inheritance
for myself as I want to look for this meaning
in every thing that matters in this truck
it is meaningless because it is just
doing beautiful through since me on
the soul is like this
on all long frames many ask this
the question is now continuing to work on
movie as I took you baby enter
trailer
mobbing
Here is paying while think well still
some time I will deal with them
let's see what happens
here
I shoot video as much as possible therefore
I'll keep you up to date
just wait for the video as soon as i have
I will be able to put in
mandatory of that
a lot of work guys a lot
therefore, there is no time for
to edit the video all the family too
it is necessary to spend time for pressed from rails
family should be given time so keep
patience that's all there will be
mandatory so all huge
hi guys all normal and no one
disappeared where you fell down also optional with that
truck driver guys hold not
fall asleep to rest and good roads to you
good cargo earn more
often stay home no more time
spend a family
good luck everyone everyone just watching my
channel not truckers you also
huge hello and wish you all the best
you your life so small
wishes everyone i will not eat
take off as I eat
many do not really perceive it therefore
victory and now here is a watermelon purchased
the store was watermelon a little eat well and
move on the path so I'm going on
relaxed not sleeping
normally rest, and so they are tired
fine, all work is hard but i rest
also come on so everything is all bye